Generate manifests using Helm (#911)
nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway: docs/developer/quickstart.md

   kind load docker-image nginx-kubernetes-gateway:$(whoami)
   ```

> 3. You can use [Helm](/deploy/helm-chart/README.md) to install NKG on your `kind` cluster. Make sure to set the image

Reviewer: I think it would be great to keep this doc as simple as possible. What do you think about simplifying steps 3 and 4 to:

3. Install Gateway API Resources
  ```
  kubectl apply -f ...
  ```
4. Install NKG using your custom image and expose NKG with a NodePort Service:
  - To install with helm:
    ```
    helm install ...
    ```
  - To install with manifests:
    ```
    make generate-manifests ...
    kubectl apply -f deploy/manifests/nginx-gateway.yaml
    kubectl apply -f deploy/manifests/nodeport.yaml
    ```
   <Maybe explain what generate-manifests does, but I don't think it's strictly necessary>

 For more information on helm configuration options see the helm [readme](link).

Author: I really like this, thanks!!

Additionally, the [NJS ConfigMap Helm template](/deploy/helm-chart/templates/njs-modules.yaml) will need to be updated.
This is currently a manual process - ensure the content in the `data` field matches that in the
[NJS ConfigMap manifest](/deploy/manifests/njs-modules.yaml) `data` field.

> 

Reviewer 2: let's rename `Update NJS module ConfigMaps` to `Update Generated Manifests`, to reflect the added contents to the section. Note - this link to this section from https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-kubernetes-gateway/blob/3166dce1ac09dfdbd3b3feab5444bafb49343783/docs/developer/implementing-a-feature.md will need to be updated too

Author: Good catch, thanks!

> Finally, to update the combined generated manifest, run the following make command from the project's root directory:

Reviewer 2: since we generate multiple files
```suggestion
Finally, to update the all other generated manifests, run the following make command from the project's root directory:
```
